Implement SHE GET_ID command with client side request, server side handler, and tests (#450)
wolfSSL/wolfHSM: docs/src/5-Features.md

- **Bulk crypto**: `wh_Client_SheEncEcb` / `wh_Client_SheEncCbc` / `wh_Client_SheDecEcb` / `wh_Client_SheDecCbc` (`CMD_ENC_*` / `CMD_DEC_*`) — AES-ECB and AES-CBC encrypt and decrypt against a selected key slot
- **MAC**: `wh_Client_SheGenerateMac` / `wh_Client_SheVerifyMac` (`CMD_GENERATE_MAC` / `CMD_VERIFY_MAC`) — CMAC generation and verification against a selected key slot
- **Status**: `wh_Client_SheGetStatus` (`CMD_GET_STATUS`) — reads the SHE status register (SREG)

> - **Module identity**: `wh_Client_SheGetId` (`CMD_GET_ID`) — returns the ECU UID, the status register, and a CMAC over the caller's challenge, UID, and status register computed under the `MASTER_ECU_KEY`, letting a party that holds that key verify the module's identity. If the `MASTER_ECU_KEY` slot is empty the MAC is computed with an all-zero key, per the spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Module identity**: `wh_Client_SheGetId` (`CMD_GET_ID`) — returns the ECU UID, the status register, and a CMAC over the caller's challenge, UID, and status register computed under the `MASTER_ECU_KEY`, letting a party that holds that key verify the module's identity. If the `MASTER_ECU_KEY` slot is empty the MAC is computed with an all-zero key.
```

`RAM_KEY` is the one exception to NVM-backed storage. The spec defines it as volatile, so the server caches the loaded key in its [key cache](#key-cache-key-ids-and-nvm-backing-store) but never calls into the NVM layer for it; eviction or reset clears it. All other slots, including `PRNG_SEED`, persist.

### SHE UID Storage

> By default the 15-byte ECU UID lives in the caller-owned `whServerSheContext`, which means it is RAM-resident and must be re-provisioned with `CMD_SET_UID` after every reset. Integrators whose UID is fused, held in OTP, or kept in NVM can instead point the server at that store with a pair of callbacks:

Reviewer: This reads like the default behavior is that the UID is RAM only, but really there isn't a default it just depends on if you register callbacks or now. I'd rephrase to make it clear that the callback field would be what dictates the behavior.

```c
typedef int (*whServerSheGetUidCb)(whServerContext* server, void* ctx,
                                   uint8_t* outUid);
typedef int (*whServerSheSetUidCb)(whServerContext* server, void* ctx,
                                   const uint8_t* uid);
```

The getter fills `WH_SHE_UID_SZ` bytes and returns `0`, `WH_ERROR_NOTFOUND` if no UID has been provisioned, or any other wolfHSM error to report a backend failure. The setter persists a UID that arrived over the wire via `CMD_SET_UID`; leaving it `NULL` marks the UID read-only, so provisioning attempts are answered with `WH_SHE_ERC_WRITE_PROTECTED` rather than being silently dropped.

Callbacks are supplied at initialization through the optional `whServerConfig.sheConfig` field, or registered later with `wh_Server_SheSetUidCb`:

```c
whServerSheConfig sheConfig = {
    .getUidCb = myGetUid,
    .setUidCb = NULL,        /* fused UID, read-only */
    .uidCtx   = &myPlatform,
};
whServerConfig serverConfig = { /* ... */ .she = she, .sheConfig = &sheConfig };
```

> When a getter is installed the server reads the UID on demand at each point that needs it and keeps no copy in `whServerSheContext`, so the UID never outlives a single request in server RAM. The trade-off is that the getter is called on every gated SHE request, and more than once for commands that use the UID, so it must be cheap, idempotent, and free of side effects. Leaving `sheConfig` unset preserves the original in-context behavior exactly.

Reviewer: remove this line

While the state machine is in any state other than `SUCCESS`, the SHE handler refuses every non-boot command except `CMD_GET_STATUS` and `CMD_SET_UID`, returning `WH_SHE_ERC_SEQUENCE_ERROR`. This is what allows the SHE module to gate cryptographic services on a successful boot measurement: once boot has succeeded, the rest of the SHE command set unlocks; on a boot failure the keys remain inaccessible and only status queries are honored.

> The same gate also enforces that a UID has been provisioned. When [UID storage callbacks](#she-uid-storage) are installed, that check queries the integrator's store, and a store that reports a failure causes every command except `CMD_GET_STATUS` to return `WH_SHE_ERC_MEMORY_FAILURE`. Status stays readable in every case, per the spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same stateful gate also enforces that a UID has been provisioned. When [UID storage callbacks](#she-uid-storage) are installed, that check queries the integrator's store, and a store that reports a failure causes every command except `CMD_GET_STATUS` to return `WH_SHE_ERC_MEMORY_FAILURE`. 
```
